signer module removed, since it's deprecated (#366)
Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go: signerv2/README.md

# Signer v2

Signerv2 is a module for signing messages. It provides a simple and unified way to produce cryptographic signatures.
Signers instantiated from this module is required to create some SDK transaction managers (see [`NewPrivateKeyWallet`](../chainio/clients/wallet/privatekey_wallet.go) and [`NewSimpleTxManager`](../chainio/txmgr/simple.go)/[`NewGeometricTxnManager`](../chainio/txmgr/geometric/geometric.go)).

> ## Features

Reviewer: I think it would be beneficial to include examples for each of the different signing mechanisms, would provide better context for devs wanting to use our signer!

Reviewer 2: Sure! We can tackle that in another PR. I created #440 to track it.

- Sign messages using raw private keys
- Sign messages using encrypted keystores
- Sign messages using a remote signer (web3 or KMS)

### Comparison to Old Signer

In comparison to the old signer, Signerv2 offers:

- New signing mechanisms
- A simplified API for easier extension

### Using SignerFromConfig

> SignerV2 introduces `SignerFromConfig`

Reviewer: Might be nice to show and break down what the config contains here in the docs

Reviewer 2: I added the suggestion to #440

The `SignerFromConfig` function allows you to create a signer function based on a configuration.
This configuration specifies whether to use a private key signer, a local keystore signer, or a remote web3 signer.

```go
package main

import (
    "github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/signerv2"
)

func main() {
    config := signerv2.Config{
        // ...initialize your configuration...
    }
    chainID := // Set your chain ID
    signerFn, signerAddr, err := signerv2.SignerFromConfig(config, chainID)
    if err != nil {
        // Handle error
        return
    }
    // Use signerFn and signerAddr as needed
}
```

Internally, `SignerFromConfig` calls different signer functions depending on the config it receives: `PrivateKeySignerFn`, `KeyStoreSignerFn`, or `Web3SignerFn`.
Those functions are also available to users.

### KMSSignerFn

> This module also has support for signing with a KMS key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module includes support for signing messages using a Key Management Service (KMS) key.  Use `KMSSignerFn` to create a signer for KMS-managed keys.```
